1.api key and use managments
2.user interface and dashboard
3. more robots , error handling and logging
4.add proxy and proxy pools and third party proxy pools and proxy jars. and proxy rotating {

2. Robust Proxy and Rate-Limiting Features
 • Offer a robust proxy system including support for proxy pools, rotation, and proxy jars. This will help in bypassing restrictions and reduce the chance of getting blocked.
 • Define clear rate limits or “scraping targets” (e.g., 100 scrapes per minute for AI-powered mode and 1000 raw scrapes per minute) and enforce those at both the API and scheduler levels.


}
5.you have to target 100 scrape per min (ai powered scrap)
6.you have to taret 1000 scrape per min(raw) $83$ PER MONTH.
7.advance parsers for your raw content.  : you can give money from this also
8.schdulers
9.pararell runs
10.you have to handle any site at any cost at any level
11. you have to also add some cookies and session and other credentails for scrapping somkething like gmail or x  {

6. Enhanced Credential and Session Handling
 • Support cookies, sessions, or even multi-factor credentials for sites that require authentication (like Gmail or other protected pages).
 • Integrate flexible methods for user-specific configuration—this could include storing credentials or session tokens safely and using them throughout the crawling process.

}
12.you have variaus exports also
13.google drive and dropbox exports also or local disk
14. EMAIL SUPPORT AND API {
7. Additional Export Options and Integrations
 • Add support for various export methods: besides the standard API responses, develop integrations for Google Drive, Dropbox, or local disk storage, enabling users to save or share scraped data easily.
 • Consider adding an email support feature for notifications or even to allow extracting output that is directly emailed to a user on job completion.

}
15.fully focus on dynamic content and js rendering content.e  {
gathers data even if a website uses javascript to render content.
}
16. returns clean, well-formatted markdown - ready for use in LLM application
17.you can enable caching also . by default its not enable.
18.also media parsing : image and any sort of files.
19.actions : Click, scroll, write, wait, press and more before extracting content  {


    interact before you extract .
    Interact with pages before extracting data, unlocking more data from every site!

Firecrawl now allows you to perform various actions on a web page before scraping its content. This is particularly useful for interacting with dynamic content, navigating through pages, or accessing content that requires user interaction.

expand the dynamic content extraction interactive page handling (clicks, scrolls, waits) just like Firecrawl’s “Actions.”


}
20. can intelligently wait for content to load, making scraping faster and more reliable.
21.advacne extract : extract with a prompt : means give us a prompt and then we will extract the data from the raw
data according to your prompt  {
From firecrawl.dev find the company name, mission and whether it's open source. {
convert to this (you can convert it to any format)
{
  "company_name": "Firecrawl",
  "company_mission": "...",
  "is_open_source": true,
}

5. Natural Language Prompts for Structured Extraction
 • Implement a feature where users provide a natural language prompt (or template) for what structured data they need from raw page content. This “advanced extract” approach can convert unstructured data into a ready-to-use JSON (or other formats) effectively using an LLM-driven post-processing step.

}

}
22.Extract structured data from any website using natural language prompts. : get the website -> get raws -> use the prompt to make the data structured-> write it to the disk

23. {
Forget fighting context windows
No context window limits. Extract thousands of results effortlessly while we handle the complex LLM work.

}
24.Extract entire websites in a single API call
Get the data you need with a simple API call, whether it's one page or thousands.
25.you are not a bot on click things.
26.Instant Scalability - Spin up hundreds of browser sessions in seconds without infrastructure headaches
27.also create datasets for traning of the ai by llm itself(data badgers for other trnaing models)
28.ai Extraction {

33.4. Improved Parsing and Extraction Pipelines and also third party parsers and your custom parsers. and ai parsers
 • Take inspiration from Firecrawl’s migration to higher-performance parsers (for instance, considering Rust-based libraries). This can improve both speed and memory performance when processing raw content.
 • Consider developing advanced parsing modules for various types of media (HTML, Markdown, PDF, images, etc.) so that the output is clean and structured based on natural language instructions.

}
29.navigate catpchas and blocks and also cloudflare blocks.
30. Batch Scrape {
scrape multiple URLs simultaneously with our new Batch Scrape endpoint.

32.3. Enhanced Scheduler and Parallel Tasks
 • Build in advanced scheduling and parallel running capabilities to ensure that multiple scraping jobs can run simultaneously without colliding.
 • Create a system to prioritize or queue extraction tasks similar to Firecrawl’s batch scraping endpoints, where multiple URLs or jobs can be submitted in one API call.

}

33. {

overal crawl thing
 • Introduce an asynchronous extraction model: Instead of waiting for the full response, return a job ID immediately and then let users check the job status. This improves responsiveness and scales more naturally.

}

34.
8. Extensive Error Handling and Monitoring
 • Borrow from Firecrawl’s emphasis on improved error handling, logging, and cancellation capabilities. Enhance early detection and clear reporting for failed scrapes or unexpected errors.
 • Integrate tools for detailed status reporting (perhaps even a real-time dashboard) so end users can track, cancel, or alter running jobs quickly.


35. Developer-Friendly API & SDK Updates
 • Make sure that the API design is backward compatible during major updates, providing clear migration paths similar to Firecrawl’s 10-day update window.
 • Update and maintain language-specific SDKs (Python, Node.js, and maybe even Rust) with helpful examples, type safety, and improved error handling.


36.interface and some documentation page.



# all we do is to convert any thing into llm ready data..







my own suggested name: bitquak.com , qraw.net qraw.org zipt.ai , qraw.ai , ambnt.ai ,scrapit.ai
scrape.it.com (wow)




other notes :
1.data driven insights
2.something like chatwith me in websites
3.decentrlized data processing units
4.Easy-to-use API for web crawling and data extraction and other operations.
5.content retrival with different formats or by the defined schema
6.js rendering support
7.Scalable infrastructure for managing millions of crawled pages
8.Anti-bot mechanisms to bypass CAPTCHAs and rate limits
9.support jobs and Queues
10.Run the OpenAI prompt over the webpage content and return a JSON! Just send a URL and a prompt to the API and get the results in seconds.
11.chrome exension for summerizing any webpage. Summarization and analysis of website data using AI
    .Creation of key points list from YouTube video transcripts
    .and other helpfull things.
12.Bypass anti-scraping measures.
13.multisite crawling and scrapping and operations (parallism)
14.Effortless data extraction from websites using AI insights
15.handle any type of content : pdf, ..  and other kind of media and documents
16.Access to over 1,000 APIs with a few clicks
17.Advanced algorithms for accurate data collection
    .schema definitoin addons
    .and data processing pipelines
    .and llm tooling..
18.Competitor analysis , social media competitor analysis
19.Text extraction from multiple file types.
20.Text extraction from handwritten notes and printed documents with ocr
21.adding rate limits for different tiers.
22.bring your api keys.(for llms)
23.Pull Insights from any Website using AI or as web extention.





some suggestions on pricing :
    ONE:
    Personal plan : $ 42/mo
    Best value plus plan : $ 99/mo
    Startup plan : $ 249/mo


    TWO:
    pro plan : $ 99/mo

    THREE:
    Webscrapeai plan : $27/mo
    Webscrapeai pro plan : $47/mo
    Webscrapeai bulk plan : $87/mo



    FOUR:
    Beta offer plan : $31.99


    FIVE:
    pro : $ 83



    SIX:
    Online tools api plan for developers plan : $9.99
    Standard plan : $29.99
    Pro plan : $59.99










targeted audience :
    .webiste owners
    .companies
    .chrome users
    .companies
    .llm apps
